and there has been another
transformation the little the board's
chameleons have grown enormously this
male is now five times bigger and in
full breeding colors and this female has
become a real beauty the male touches
the pants with his tongue he can taste
that she's been that way
but before he can get to her he has to
fight off a rival male they're all
racing against time
their lives are so brief that they only
have one chance to mate
he approaches her but she seems less
than teen it may be that she's already
mated and is already pregnant he might
be too late she couldn't afford to waste
time as soon as she's laid her eggs
she'll die and all the males will be
dead soon after their lives are lived
only in the brief wet season the
violence of their short lives hastens
their end living fast and dying young
it's a radical strategy for a place
where resources are low for most of the
year
you